by RentAnAdviser.com
You are a good soldier
Choosing your battles
Pick yourself up and dust yourself
off and back in the saddle
You are on the front line
Everyone′s watching
You know It is serious We are getting
closer‚ this isn′t over
The pressure is on
You feel it
But You have got it all
Believe it
When you get down oh oh
And if you get up eh eh
Tsamina mina zangalewa
′Cause this is Africa
Tsamina mina eh eh
Waka waka eh eh
Tsamina mina zangalewa
This time for Africa
Listen to your God
This is our motto
Your time to shine don′t wait
in line y vamos por todo
People are raising
Their expectations
Go on and feed them this is your
moment no hesitations
Today′s your day
I feel it
You paved the way
Believe it
If you get down get up oh oh
When you get down get up eh eh
Tsamina mina zangalewa
This time for Africa
Tsamina mina eh eh
Waka waka eh eh
Tsamina mina zangalewa
Anawa aa
Tsamina mina eh eh
Waka waka eh eh
Tsamina mina zangalewa
This time for Africa
Ame la mejole biggi biggi
mubbo wa A to Z
Asi tsu zala makyuni biggi biggi
mubbo from East to West
Asi waga waga ma eh eh
waga waga ma eh eh
Tendency suna tsibuye ′cause this is
Africa (Africa‚ Africa Africa)
Tsamina mina‚ eh eh
Anawa a a
Tsamina mina‚ Anawa a a
Tsamina mina
Tsamina mina‚ eh eh
Waka waka‚ eh eh
Tsamina mina zangalewa
Anawa a a
Tsamina mina‚ eh eh
Waka waka‚ eh eh
Tsamina mina zangalewa
This time for Africa
Django eh eh
Tsamina mina zangalewa
Anawa a a
Django eh eh
Tsamina mina zangalewa
Anawa a a
This time for Africa
We are all Africa
www.RentAnAdviser.com